I have a fucking useless son like you
You can give me 1,200 net losses for a full 15 million
I beat your dad to death
Is our uncle calling?
Don't be angry don't be angry
It's not my fault.
Who knew that bastard Yiqiu could control the stock price?
Fucking community pits me fucking you fart
I asked my friends in the stock market.
No one controls the stock price at all
15 million holes
What do I bet
I'll kill you, dad, dad
Don't be angry.
So atmospheric
Love is bad
Xiaoqian is not that I want to be angry
I hate that iron can't make steel
Little eye this trash
He can't even run the company now, oops dad
song ordering
Can he trick the company into proving his ability?
Same as you.
Tiger father without dog son
Haha, okay.
That's nice.
Dad?
This is not immediately that.
Is there a Jiangnan business exchange meeting?
What then?
I took some investment at the exchange meeting
Isn't the hole in your bank filled?
Humph
The people at the business exchange meeting are like people
What do you protect them with?
Dad, don't worry.
Although that bastard Yiqiu
Although he is a waste
But I learned something from him.
Packaging sales and Chica prize sales
These two things?
It's all that no one else has
When is the time?
It must be able to fool the investment well
Look back, look at your performance
I'm going back to the house to rest, hey, slow down.
Hello
Xia Yushuang and Ye Qiu
Opened the Xiaobawang game hall
Ah, it's free!
It's alright, hang up?
Are they both fools?
What kind of money can you make by opening a free game hall?
These two idiots
After the exchange meeting
Don't see much to clean them up